Hi.
I'm Susan sarahch.
Welcome to Susie Cakes.
I founded Susie Cakes for two
primary reasons.
The first was a tribute to my
Midwestern grandmothers,
Mildred and Madeline.
I spent a lot of time growing
up in both of their kitchens.
They lived across the alleyway
from each other, and I was very
fortunate to come home every
day to something fabulous on
top of the kitchen table.
Whether it was an apple pie or
a pound cake, it was a time
where we sat down and connected
about our day.
Women of their generation had
very little opportunity outside
of the home for careers.
And when I inherited all their
three by five handwritten
recipe cards, I thought, what a
better way to pay tribute to
women of that generation than
to open a whole business around
their baked goods?
The second reason I founded
Susie Cakes was because I was
in the hospitality business for
15 years.
I worked in hotels and
restaurants, fine dining,
nightclubs, and had noticed a
lot of women
left the industry when they
started to get married and have
children.
And I thought, there's got to
be a way that women could have
progressive careers in food
service without sacrificing
their family or their personal
time.
So the mission behind Susie
Cakes is about allowing food
service professionals and
hospitality professionals to
have a balance between their
career and their life outside
of their career.
So there are a number of
factors that set Susie Cakes
apart.
First and foremost, our mission
is connecting through
celebrations.
We're a purposeful organization.
And what that means to me is
that our team members are
connecting with each other.
We are connecting with our
guests through our baked goods,
and then our guests are
connecting with their family
and loved ones through our
baked goods.
Because no one really is eating
a cake alone.
It's always about sharing it
with somebody else, and it's
usually around a special
occasion, or it can be just
because it's Tuesday.
It's Susie cakes.
Everything is made with
butterflower, sugar, eggs.
We don't use any preservatives
trans fats in our products, so
it's good old fashioned baked
goods like you would have
gotten in 1950.
I always wanted to have a
company that would eventually
become a national brand and
become a household name.
Whether you're in Greenwich,
Connecticut, or in Kansas City,
when somebody mentions a
celebration or a cake CD, cakes
is the first thing that comes
to their mind.
That is our ultimate goal, and
we are well on our way to that
goal.
We are looking for the most
passionate culinary
professionals and hospitality
professionals that the industry
has to offer.
The first quality we look for
are people who want to be part
of this industry, who love
baked goods, who love desserts,
who love connecting with people.
That's the first criteria for
working at Susie Cake.
One of our values at Susie
Cakes is actually we have fun.
That is one of our values.
In our team Member handbook,
and we live this every single
day.
I think it's important that
everybody is laughing and
having a good time when they
are at work.
To that end, we have quarterly
luncheons that are usually
potluck.
Everybody brings something in.
We have team member of the
quarter.
We do Exceeds Expectations
Awards, which could be a $10
gift card to target when
somebody is doing something
great or connecting with
somebody.
So we try to infuse that every
single day.
In our culture, it's an upbeat,
energetic and fun place to be.
The time spent in my
grandmother's kitchen were
really important to me, and
they really made me the woman
who I am today.
And Anne, as such, nothing
brings me greater joy than to
come into the bakery in the
afternoon and to see a parent
with their child enjoying a
cupcake, having that same
connection that I did with my
grandmother so many years ago.